possible best practice warnings added to docs. (#6950)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/pipelines/add-a-stage.md

4. If applicable to the stage type or module, add steps to the **Execution** tab to define the tasks to perform in that stage. The available steps depend on the stage type. Go to your module's documentation for details about configuring different step types.

:::warning

> There is a 256 stage limit for any given pipeline. If you are hitting this limit, you have possibly attempted to overload your pipeline with too many use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum number of stages you can add to a pipeline is 256. If you have reached this limit, you have possibly attempted to overload your pipeline with too many use cases.
```

> The maximum number of stages you can add to a pipeline is 256. If you have reached this limit, you have possibly attempted to overload your pipeline with too many use cases.

Author: This is 256 when doing in a looping construct, there is no limit for serial stages.
